It happens in Brazil to celebrities or one for one of our,
one of our,
uh,
one of our most famous congressmen's.
It was a big brother.
Oh No,
that was a big brother and that big brother shows so ridiculous.
That's the worst way to become a celebrity.
One of the most watched shows in Brazil.
That's crazy.
What Bree,
why don't people watched that much?
He had the due date.
How know anymore that they still think so for sure.
Crazy thing was Amarosa Amarosa who was one of the big,
she was a big stash was the White House brand is before that she was on fear
factor.
I was the host.
I didn't know I had a fucking altercation with her on fear factor.
Not a bad one,
but she's,
she keeps me being drunk.
She's like,
cause I was asking her questions like that doesn't make sense.
She was joke,
you're drunk.
I'm like,
I'm not drunk or you can't just say I'm drunk.
She wasn't thinking this.
The feedback it would be for the apprentice.
No,
she was on something else first before the apprentice.
I think that was it.
What's she on?
The apprentice and then fear factor come on.
Was fear factor before the apprentice?
Same time.
Just before she got famous for being on the apprentice.
She was on like the second season maybe.
Yeah,
I really did.
I think she was on another show first and then the apprentice,
she went to another reality show after dip brand is,
I don't know who I remember that.
Yeah.
Well the crazy thing is she went from the White House to big brother.
She was actually on the first season of the apprentice.
Oh,
what year was that?
So she was on celebrity fear factor.
We had three,
four,
three.
Okay.
So she must've been on fear factor like 2005 she was nice though.
She's just,
but she just told me I was drunk.
I was like,
what?
She wasn't elected.
Right.
She wasn't,
she was appointed by Trump.
But Trump gave,
so here's what's fucked up.
Here's what's really,
I was reading an article about the what the problems with what she did when she
was in the situation room and these secured White House rooms.
She had her fucking phone recording.
So she's sitting there recording shit in the middle of these,
these like totally secure rooms.
She's required,
like Trump is talking,
she's got a phone there.
Hmm.
Interesting.
And she's recording everything on her fucking fault.
And she has like hours and hours of footage of record recordings rather,
which you're not supposed to do.
It's like you can literally Russians and Chinese and the Iranians and all the,
anybody that wants to tune in could hack into her fucking phone,
turn the microphone on.
And this is absolute proven technology and they're using that to listen in the
middle of the situation room.
So if there's some sort of top secret shit that's going on,
some foreign entity could be listening in through her phone while she's
recording.
I don't think they see the ignorant.
I don't think they need all of that is just called Trump and ask what happened.
They'll tell you what happened.
I'm like,
okay.
But I mean,
he's low.
He allowed her this,
you know,
I don't know if she's unstable,
but she seems a little unstable to t.
That's a such a very dangerous thing to do.
You're not even supposed to bring your fucking phone in those rooms and for her
to be recording,
recording everything,
that's like,
great,
this is so crazy,
but so selfish to like if you are acting in the best,
you're in a position when you're working for the White House,
you're working for Donald Trump.
He's the president of the United States,
the biggest super power in the fucking world,
and you're just recording things.
God,
I know that you want to serve yourself.
I know you want to help yourself out,
but God,
that seems so crazy.
You do.
I mean if you were Trump and you hired her and you found out she was recording
everything in the situation room,
you must be like,
oh,
like in conferences with like,
like they're talking about important policy.
She's got her phone recording and anybody can be limited,
but if you think about it like it's crazy for a human to you to give her some,
some creditability because she wasn't apprentice.
He learned to think about it.
Okay.
The president of the United States is the guy that was running a premise.
He liked her.
It may be feeling well,
look,
she's very artistic skillet.
She's good looking woman.
She knows how to speak well.
She's got a lot of confidence and power.
He probably figured she'd be a great politician.
Perfect.
I'm a great politician.
He's probably like,
I'm the fucking president.
I'll make her,
she'll say she's going to be my left hand lady or right hand lady.
It is not dated that difficult but at least in Brazil is not that difficult for
famous people to get elected in the one day where I was running for a
congressman cause there's so many options and if you are known and you'll get
like 1% of the voting,
you're already elected.
But if you go run for like a mayor or governor or governor or something,
he becomes a little trickier because there's like five options and now you're
running against real politics.
Real politicians will actually have a plan.
So we feel running out guys like 200 people.
You can shine a little because you're famous.
Yeah.
We're starting to see a little bit more than America.
Like Cynthia Nixon.
She was on sex in the city,
and then she ran for which he ran for governor in New York.
Oh yeah.
Go for it.
Yeah.
So there's,
there's a few that few that are starting to branch off into politics now.
It's,
I mean,
did it happen before Ronald Reagan because he was,
yes.
He's the most famous,
he,
I think he was a movie star.
He was a best bang,
right?
Yeah.
He was the first guy.
Joe Come back to the future.
You mean like Ronald Reagan,
the movie star?
Yeah,
that was a,
that was the first.
He was the first,
he was also the first that introduced the option or his,
his cabinet was the first.
They got the people,
the,
his,
his team got the people from the religious right.
Involved.
Religion was not really a big part of voting before Ronald Reagan,
but Ronald Reagan,
and though that sort of kind of Republican,
they got all these angelical Christians and evangelicals.
Okay.
Yeah.
And the same thing in Brazil.